they're professional polish for
automobiles motorcycles boats airplanes
and more here we have the glare
professional polish this is the
locomotive to our line this is the
polish that's making headway this is the
polish that makes it number one in the
world and I'll explain why first of all
it has the glass Plex in it just like
our other products it smells like
vanilla very little petroleum which is
great for EPA it goes into and onto the
paint becomes part of the paint let's
paint breathe unlike polymers they do
not let paint breathe if you have a car
that was just painted for instance a few
hours later you can actually use this
product it's not going to trap the gases
underneath and crack your mate yet it's
heap resistant to 650 degrees Fahrenheit
the shine the depth of shine and the
gloss is unparalleled to anything you've
ever seen in your life and I mean that I
mean it looks when you're done with your
car especially the dark colors like the
black or the red stay a red car it'll
look like better than a candy apple I
guarantee you and I'm telling you this
right here on video you get a brand new
car which is hard to see when you have a
brand new car it's hard to tell when you
put polish on it because it looks so
good already when you put glare on there
that brand new car when you're done will
look like a custom paint job totally
different in fact I'll give you an
example we had a customer I'm not gonna
say with four dealership which Chrysler
dealership excuse me it was but a man
came in wanted to buy a charger he
looked at this red charger it had been
done with glare was on the turnstile was
outside on the parking lot on the third
spot the man haggled with the salesman
left two weeks later he came back he
said I want that car and of course the
Sun was one what happened what made you
change your mind he said I looked
everywhere in all the car dealerships
and I've never seen a red charger look
like that and you know what he was
referring to and didn't even know it it
had glare on it it made the paint so
rich that he wanted that car he thought
it was something with the paint
I have people using this this product on
Corvettes on show cars time to time and
again to get first place if you want a
product that goes on easy comes off easy
doesn't powder up use by professionals
used by you know even this this
particular product in the aviation field
is number one and in fact we just got a
contract with Garuda Airlines
it's our Indonesian distributor they're
putting it on all of the 737 Jets glare
is unparalleled to anything on the
market it's not a wax it's not a polymer
it's not a resin it's got glass Plex in
it which is silicate glass forms a
covalent bond goes into the paint
filters out the UV rays and protect your
investment and not only protects it but
beautifies it to such a degree that
people will ask you what do you have on
your car I've never seen a car look like
this it's got that private possession
when you park your car in a parking lot
and you're walking you turn back look at
it why because it's so beautiful after
you're done and I'm talking about you
know even 10-year old cars I'm not
talking about cars where the clear coats
burned off you can't do anything with
those okay because the clear coat is
gone it's already damaged but if you got
an enameled car not a click older car
that's 20 years old and a lot of
oxidation and it's not down to the
primer this product can bring it back
out to looking like brand new you want
to put it on your windshield your
headlights your wheels anywhere they're
shiny paint or shiny plastic this
product will go on it's a fabulous
product it's called glare we are number
one in that industry of car protection
airplane protection watercraft
protection any kind of vehicle
protection any paint protection even
finish wood furniture brass chrome
aluminum any kind of metal even mirrors
your frigerator doors and stops them
from fingerprinting stoves there's a lot
of uses for glare so you don't have to
turn around once you've done your
motorcycle airplane cardboard or
whatever and put it back on the shelf
you can use it for other items fishing
rods in
your floor's marble travertine granite
frigerator goes like I explained your
stove it's just a fabulous product once
you use it you'll never use anything
else again
glare professional polish from glare
professional products
visit us today at glare products calm or
glare calm